disable the osrandom engine on 1.1.1d+ (#5317)
pyca/cryptography: CHANGELOG.rst

  :meth:`~cryptography.x509.CertificateSigningRequest.get_attribute_for_oid`.
* Added support for encoding attributes in certificate signing requests via
  :meth:`~cryptography.x509.CertificateSigningRequestBuilder.add_attribute`.
* The OS random engine for OpenSSL is now disabled on OpenSSL 1.1.1d and

>   higher because these versions now properly reseed the RNG on fork.

Reviewer: I'd phrase this as: we now use OpenSSL's builtin CSPRNG instead of our own on OpenSSL 1.1.1d+ because it's finally good.

Author: "It's finally good" isn't really what I want to put in a changelog. I think the text describes exactly why and I'm okay with not noting that we literally fought to have this be properly fixed before 1.1.1 was released and lost the fight. 😆

Reviewer: Doesn't need to use the "finally good" language, but I think framing it as "we use the builtin thing now" instead of "we disable our thing" is much clearer.

  :meth:`~cryptography.x509.CertificateSigningRequest.get_attribute_for_oid`.
* Added support for encoding attributes in certificate signing requests via
  :meth:`~cryptography.x509.CertificateSigningRequestBuilder.add_attribute`.

> * On OpenSSL 1.1.1d and higher ``cryptography`` now uses the built-in CSPRNG
>   instead of the OS random engine because these versions now properly reseed
>   on fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On OpenSSL 1.1.1d and higher ``cryptography`` now uses OpenSSL's built-in CSPRNG
  instead of it's own OS random engine because these versions of OpenSSL properly reseed
  on fork.
```

Author: Wrong its
